azurerm_container_app_job/azurerm_container_app: Updating CPU and Memory Limits (Documentation) (#30541)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/container_app.html.markdown

* `command` - (Optional) A command to pass to the container to override the default. This is provided as a list of command line elements without spaces.

> * `cpu` - (Optional) The amount of vCPU to allocate to the container. Possible values include `0.25`, `0.5`, `0.75`, `1.0`, `1.25`, `1.5`, `1.75`, `2.0`, `2.25`, `2.5`, `2.75`, `3.0`, `3.25`, `3.5`, `3.75` and `4.0`. When there's a workload profile specified, there's no such constraint.
> 
> ~> **Note:** `cpu` and `memory` must be specified in `0.25'/'0.5Gi` combination increments. e.g. `1.0` / `2.0` or `0.5` / `1.0`

Reviewer: It looks like the precise validation for the `cpu` and `memory` properties was removed in #24329. So we should actually be removing the `Possible values` bit from all of the descriptions entirely, as we only include this in the documentation if we only allow certain input values.

Instead, we could link to the Microsoft documentation in the note below the properties. E.g.

```suggestion
* `cpu` - (Optional) The amount of vCPU to allocate to the container.

~> **Note:** When using a Consumption plan, the `cpu` and `memory` properties must add up to one of the combinations found in the Microsoft provided documentation, for more information see [vCPU and memory allocation requirements](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/container-apps/containers#allocations)
```
